this is Los Angeles gang capital of the
nation just goes on and on you know they
don't know don't show don't care about
what's going on in South Central LA
let's do the local thing it's tough to
beat the streets my purse still full
rolling up try to smoke me to the soup
the motherf you have to think young
brother about your future no I sweat you
my only son and I'm not gonna lose you
to know for tre wanted to work his way
up tre is a grown man now he's not a
little boy anymore did you like mr. GQ
smooth man maybe summer where you got to
rub off on it
Ricky was looking for a better life oh
the Doosan will my life right gonna be
somebody when you were a little boy I
used to run around here all the time
with that football of him I always knew
something
Doughboy was living by the laws of the
street it's hard to be a saint in South
Central LA I don't understand why you
assist don't learn things the hard way
trade but no but especially a girl with
a
[Music]
it's just too bad you don't know what it
is
[Music]
yo